feat: Create a multiplatform library tutorial (#366)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/Create-your-Kotlin-Multiplatform-library.md

* **`commonTest`, `androidUnitTest`, `iosTest`, `jvmTest`, and `linuxX64Test`:** contain tests for the shared `commonMain` code and
     tests specific to the Android, iOS, JVM, and Linux platforms, respectively.

Let's focus on the `library` code that is shared across all the platforms. Inside the `src/commonMain/kotlin` directory, 
you can find the `CustomFibi.kt` file with Kotlin Multiplatform code that defines a Fibonacci sequence generator:

```kotlin
package io.github.kotlin.fibonacci

// Defines the function to generate the Fibonacci sequence
fun generateFibi() = sequence {
    var a = firstElement
    yield(a)
    
    var b = secondElement
    yield(b)
    
    while (true) {
        val c = a + b
        yield(c)
        a = b
        b = c
    }
}

// Declares the expected values for `firstElement` and `secondElement`
expect val firstElement: Int
expect val secondElement: Int
```

The `firstElement` and `secondElement` properties are placeholders that the platform-specific code can implement.
Each target should provide actual values by using the `actual` keyword in their respective source sets.

> Typically, the [`expect` declarations are paired with `actual` implementations](multiplatform-connect-to-apis.md#expected-and-actual-functions-and-properties). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `expect` declarations are [matched](multiplatform-connect-to-apis.md#expected-and-actual-functions-and-properties) with `actual` implementations. 
```

I think it's safe to say that it's always true, not just typically :)
I also changed the word "paired" because it's more of a one-to-many situation in general.

This mechanism is useful when writing cross-platform code that requires platform-specific behavior. 

> In this case, the Multiplatform library template includes platform-specific implementations of the `firstElement` and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the multiplatform library template includes platform-specific implementations of the `firstElement` and 
```

actual val firstElement: Int = 1
actual val secondElement: Int = 2
```

The other platforms follow the same pattern, with variations in the values of `firstElement` and `secondElement` properties.

## Add a new platform

Now that you're familiar with how shared and platform-specific code work in the template, let's extend the project by adding support for an additional platform.

Configure support for the [Kotlin/Wasm](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/wasm-overview.html) platform. Use 
the [`expect`/`actual` mechanism](multiplatform-connect-to-apis.md#expected-and-actual-functions-and-properties)
to implement platform-specific functionality for the `firstElement` and `secondElement` properties.

### Add the Kotlin/Wasm target to your project

1. In the `library/build.gradle.kts` file, add the Kotlin/Wasm target (`wasmJs`) and source sets:

    ```kotlin
    kotlin {
        // ...
        // Insert this snippet within the `kotlin {}` block:
        @OptIn(org.jetbrains.kotlin.gradle.ExperimentalWasmDsl::class)
        wasmJs {
            @OptIn(ExperimentalKotlinGradlePluginApi::class)
            browser()
            binaries.executable()
        }
        // ...

>         sourceSets{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        sourceSets {
```

            //...

>             // Insert this snippet within the `kotlin { sourceSets { } }` block:

Reviewer: Don't these comments seem redundant to you? I think the way you present the whole block in the example makes it obvious where code should go.

            val wasmJsMain by getting {
                dependencies {
                    // Wasm-specific dependencies
                }
            }
        }
    }
    ```

2. Synchronize the Gradle files by clicking the **Sync Gradle Changes** icon (![Gradle sync icon](gradle-sync-icon.png){width=30}{type="joined"}) that appears in your build file. Alternatively,

>    click the refresh button on the Gradle tool window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   click the refresh button in the Gradle tool window.
```

### Create platform-specific code for Wasm

> After adding the Wasm target, you need a Wasm directory to host the platform-specific implementation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the Wasm target, you need a Wasm directory to hold the platform-specific implementation of
```

Never seen "host" used in this sense, maybe it's just me :)

`firstElement` and `secondElement`:

> 1. In the `library/src` directory, right-click and select **New | Directory**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Right-click the `library/src` directory and select **New | Directory**. 
```

2. Select **wasmJsMain/kotlin** from the **Gradle Source Sets** lists.

   ![Gradle source sets list](gradle-source-sets-list.png){width=450}

3. Right-click the newly created `wasmJsMain/kotlin` directory and select **New | Kotlin Class/File**. 

> 4. Type **fibiprops.wasm** as the name of the file and select **File**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter **fibiprops.wasm** as the name of the file and select **File**.
```

5. Add the following code to the `fibiprops.wasm.kt` file:

    ```kotlin
    package io.github.kotlin.fibonacci
    
    actual val firstElement: Int = 3
    actual val secondElement: Int = 5
    ```

    This code sets a Wasm-specific implementation, defining `actual` values for `firstElement` as `3` and `secondElement` as `5`.

### Build the project

> Make sure your project compiles correctly supporting the new platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your project compiles correctly with the new platform:
```

1. Open the Gradle tool window by selecting **View** | **Tool Windows** | **Gradle**.
2. In **multiplatform-library-template** | **library** | **Tasks** | **build**, run the **build** task.

   ![Gradle tool window](library-gradle-build-window-tasks.png){width=450}

   Alternatively, run the following command in the terminal from the `multiplatform-library-template` root directory:

   ```bash
   ./gradlew build
   ```

> You can see the successful output in the **Build** console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the successful output in the **Build** tool window. 
```

Following the IDEA docs.

## Publish your library to the local Maven repository

> Your multiplatform library is ready for publishing locally so that you can add it in other projects within the same machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your multiplatform library is ready for publishing locally so that you can use it in other projects on the same machine.
```

To publish your library, use the [`maven-publish`](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/publishing_maven.html) Gradle plugin as follows:

1. In the `library/build.gradle.kts` file, locate the `plugins { }` block and apply the `maven-publish` plugin:

   ```kotlin
      plugins {
          // ...
          // Add the following line:
          id("maven-publish")
      }
   ```

2. Locate the `mavenPublishing { }` block and comment out the `signAllPublications()`
   method to indicate that the publication is local-only:

    ```kotlin
    mavenPublishing{
        // ...
        // Comment out the following method:
        // signAllPublications()
    }
    ```

3. Synchronize the Gradle files by clicking the **Sync Gradle Changes** icon (![Gradle sync icon](gradle-sync-icon.png){width=30}{type="joined"}) that appears in your build file. Alternatively,
   click the refresh button on the Gradle tool window.

> 4. In the Gradle tool Widow, go to **multiplatform-library-template** | **Tasks** | **publishing** and run the **publishToMavenLocal** Gradle task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the Gradle tool window, go to **multiplatform-library-template** | **Tasks** | **publishing** and run the **publishToMavenLocal** Gradle task.
```

   ![Multiplatform library Gradle tool window](publish-maven-local-gradle-task.png){width=450}

Alternatively, run the following command in the terminal from the `multiplatform-library-template` root directory:

```bash
  ./gradlew publishToMavenLocal
```

Your library is published to the local Maven repository.

## Add your library as a dependency in another project

After publishing your Multiplatform library to the local Maven repository, you can use it in other Kotlin projects on the same machine.

In your consumer project's `build.gradle.kts` file, add a dependency on the published library:

```kotlin
repositories {
    // ...
    mavenLocal()
}

dependencies {
    // ...
    implementation("io.github.kotlin:library:1.0.0")
}
```

The `repositories{}` block tells Gradle to resolve the library from the local Maven repository and make it available in shared code.

The `implementation` dependency consists of your library's group and version specified in its `build.gradle.kts` file.

If you're adding it to another multiplatform project, you can add it to shared or platform-specific source sets:

```kotlin
kotlin {
    sourceSets {

>         // For all the platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // For all platforms
```
